hey what's up you guys so tonight I am
at Disneyland because there is an annual
Pass Holder event and normally with
events there are some pretty fun
characters you're out so I think are
gonna go see who we can go talk to
a rescue turn and kefir will you choose
- I'd be careful about the staff though
he has been trying to see Jafar cute and
cuddly not vicious that's why uh-huh see
I would get you are my true Sultan of
course uh-huh
you
you guys have some great dance moves you
do you know how to dance
I don't Junichi show me a little bit if
they're a counting technique or is it
just feeling the rhythm
perfect now a desk have you been staying
away from apples lately
because I saw the Queen earlier here hey
you know she told me she said leave then
gob oh you know that dude we got panel
Vega how's your travels then well
they've been very good very uh and ran
into pirates actually in the Caribbean
some of them are nice you know but had a
little trouble
my back yellow you've been collecting
some berries some treats you know I just
recently learned that he's been working
out some muscles yet there you go look
at him go
hi Mickey I love your cake can I see a
cape Minnie and your dress twirl it
perfect all right so we're all done we
made it through the event and we met
some pretty fun characters who would you
have been most excited to see let me
know down in the comments thank you guys
for watching I'll see you guys next week
if you want to say something that this
mirror what would you say leave so this
week I want to talk about something big
now I'm kind of late to the party here
but I feel like I need to talk about it
because it's so huge and it's the
Disneyland 60th anniversary